Sphinx documentation (#194)
NCAR/DART: assimilation_code/modules/assimilation/filter_mod.rst

+==============================+========================================+========================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================+

> | single_file_in               | logical                                | True means all ensemble members are read from a single NetCDF file. False means each member is in a separate file. NOT SUPPORTED as of March, 2017 only multiple files can be used.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: description updated.

+------------------------------+----------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | init_time_days               | integer                                | If negative, don't use. If non-negative, override the initial days read from state data restart files.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: done

+------------------------------+----------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | perturb_from_single_instance | logical                                | False means start from an ensemble-sized set of restart files. True means perturb a single state vector from one restart file. This may be done by model_mod, if model_mod provides subroutine pert_model_copies.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: addressed.

+------------------------------+----------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | stages_to_write              | character(len=10) dimension(4)         | Controls diagnostic and restart output. Valid values are 'input', 'preassim', 'postassim', 'output', and 'null'.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer 2: There's also a 'forecast' stage.  The complete list from parse_stages_to_write is
  'INPUT', 'FORECAST', 'PREASSIM', 'POSTASSIM', 'ANALYSIS', 'OUTPUT', and 'NULL'.

> | stages_to_write              | character(len=10) dimension(4)         | Controls diagnostic and restart output. Valid values are 'input', 'preassim', 'postassim', 'output', and 'null'.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: I corrected this in the following files (all files that mentioned the possible stages - I think):

- assimilation_code/modules/assimilation/filter_mod.rst
- assimilation_code/programs/filter/filter.rst
- guide/Manhattan_diffs_from_Lanai.rst
- guide/Manhattan_release.rst
- guide/controlling-files-output.rst
- guide/pages/release.md

+------------------------------+----------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | single_file_out              | logical                                | True means all ensemble members are written to a single NetCDF file. False means each member is output in a separate file. NOT SUPPORTED as of March, 2017 - only multiple files can be used.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: corrected.

+------------------------------+----------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | last_obs_seconds             | integer                                | If negative, don't use. If non-negative, ignore all observations after this time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: leaving this for another day ...

|                              |                     | an ensemble member. Large models should   |
|                              |                     | always set this to ``.true.``, while for  |
|                              |                     | small models it may be faster to set this |
|                              |                     | to ``.false.`` This is different from     |
|                              |                     | ``&assim_tools_mod :: distributed_mean``. |
+------------------------------+---------------------+-------------------------------------------+
| async                        | integer             | Controls method for advancing model:      |
|                              |                     | | 0 is subroutine call                    |
|                              |                     | | 2 is shell command                      |
|                              |                     | | 4 is mpi-job script                     |
|                              |                     | | Ignored if filter is not controlling    |
|                              |                     | the model advance, e.g. in CESM, WRF, etc |

> +------------------------------+---------------------+-------------------------------------------+

Author: This cell is rendering with | in the text rather than line breaks. 
![Screen Shot 2021-04-22 at 10 00 06 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20047007/115746452-9573ba00-a351-11eb-87a9-0194c5b02823.png)

Reviewer: **I know!** And if you can figure out how to make those items appear on separate lines - I'll owe you one.  I tried several methods to no avail.   In the '914-character-wide' table, this syntax was used to create line breaks.  Why it's not working with the new table is quite frustrating.

Reviewer 2: I've "fixed" that by making it an itemized list.
I'm wondering whether the '|' behaves differently in the first columns vs. the others.
I'm almost done with the whole file, and was planning to commit it,
but there's an SVT fire drill, then a meeting at 11, so it might be after noon before I get to it.

      output_timestamps            = .false.,
      output_forward_op_errors     = .false.,
      write_obs_every_cycle        = .false.,
      allow_missing_clm            = .false.,
      silence                      = .false.,
    /

| 

> Particular options to be aware of are: async, ens_size, cutoff (localization radius), 
> inflation flavor, outlier_threshold, restart filenames (including inflation), 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Particular options to be aware of are: ens_size, cutoff (localization radius), 
inflation flavor, outlier_threshold, input and output state filenames, 
```

(btw, the updated table is beautiful!)

Reviewer: Good Catch.
Thanks.
Done.
